README.md, before:

<!--
*** This README used the Best-README-Template (https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template).
-->

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning">
    <img src="img/project-logo-full.png" alt="Logo" width="830">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">GraphLinq.MachineLearning</h3>

  <p align="center">
    Plugin for the GraphLinq Engine that uses Machine Learning to process a string of data.
    <br />
    <a target="_blank" href="https://docs.graphlinq.io"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li><a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a></li>
    <li><a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

This plugin will allow a Graph to consume data, create a dataset, train a model, and make predictions using ML.NET.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

- Add the sample block to a graph
- Add a string to the input of the comments you want to try and predict
- Output string will return a Boolean of True or False. True is a positive sentiment, false is a negative sentiment.

### Examples

> Positive Sentiment

<img src="img/positive.png" alt="Logo" width="830">

> Negative Sentiment

<img src="img/negative.png" alt="Logo" width="830">

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

If you have a suggestion that would make this repository better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue. Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

GraphLinq Protocol - [@graphlinq_proto](https://twitter.com/graphlinq_proto)

Project Home: [https://graphlinq.io](https://graphlinq.io)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<a href="https://github.com/GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning" />
</a>

Made with [contributors-img](https://contrib.rocks).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->

<!-- GitHub -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning/blob/master/LICENSE.txt

Commit message:

Update readme with info about the new spam detection model

README.md, after:

<!--
*** This README used the Best-README-Template (https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template).
-->

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning">
    <img src="img/project-logo-full.png" alt="Logo" width="830">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">GraphLinq.MachineLearning</h3>

  <p align="center">
    Plugin for the GraphLinq Engine that uses Machine Learning to process a string of data.
    <br />
    <a target="_blank" href="https://docs.graphlinq.io"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li><a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a></li>
    <li><a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

This plugin will allow a Graph to consume data, create a dataset, train a model, and make predictions using ML.NET.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

- Add the Machine Learning block to a graph.
- Add a string to the input with the data you want to test.
- Output string will return a Boolean of True or False.
  - Sentiment: True is a positive sentiment, false is a negative sentiment.
  - Spam: True is spam, false is not spam.

### Examples

> Positive Sentiment

<img src="img/positive.png" alt="Logo" width="830">

> Negative Sentiment

<img src="img/negative.png" alt="Logo" width="830">

The Spam detection block works the exact same way as the example above.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

If you have a suggestion that would make this repository better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue. Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

GraphLinq Protocol - [@graphlinq_proto](https://twitter.com/graphlinq_proto)

Project Home: [https://graphlinq.io](https://graphlinq.io)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<a href="https://github.com/GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning" />
</a>

Made with [contributors-img](https://contrib.rocks).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->

<!-- GitHub -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/GraphLinq/GraphLinq.MachineLearning/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
